[Applause]
[Music]
very own podcast called on second
thought and that is available on
luminary that I assume is a computer
yeah it's yeah it's an app it's an app
it's an app that has your podcasts on it
and then you just enjoy you know a lot
about computers I'm told you know I love
I love computers I build them and all
that stuff yeah yeah computers changed
my life so when I was really young my
mom came home with a computer one day we
didn't know what it was no one had
really it's like when they were
brand-new was I think it was a it was a
Pentium 3 8 6 at the time running to us
all right and I remember my mom came
home with it and she put it down and she
was like here I said what is that and
she said I don't know but apparently
it's the future Wow and I said ok what
well how do we how do we do it she said
that's your job she said you're gonna be
in more future than I am so figure it
out how old were you at the time I was
probably 12 years old yeah 11 12 years
old what's the first thing you would do
on that Pentium computer I literally we
just could all yet was come on prompt
remember the little dot would just flash
yeah and then I would just type things
and then it would do nothing everything
we just type things and then I remember
the day one day I typed dir and then I
pressed enter and then it just showed me
a ton of files and then I'll just do
that every day and would scroll Scroll
scroll and then one day I found that you
could type T r /p which meant per page
and then it would stop and my life
changed in what way did your life change
because I could see what was on the
computer now Jimmy now did you guys not
have a television no Jimmy we had a
television but the computer was magic
but what was on the computer anything
nothing like I would I started building
computers when I was a kid I build my
own rigs i like-like-like when I was in
high school I had a friend of mine named
Andrew and he taught me how to pirate
CDs oh really yeah yeah so now you're
talking well alleged CDs and CDs do you
remember pirating I actually did what
Apple did before they did it I would
make cuz people used to hate albums and
then people were like I want that song
and that song and that song in that song
and then I was like well why not just
buy the songs yeah and then Apple would
stole my idea oh you know
oh and then I would just like make like
I just put singles on an album we called
the mix takes when we would do it no I
wouldn't do it I'll fade the music
together I would play it so that you can
just play the CD once and nothing would
you wouldn't even know the song had
changed I see yeah yeah again it will be
Mariah Carey and then it's notorious
b.i.g I love computers yeah I still I
still build them today I still build my
own gaming rigs and everything what are
you up to at Microsoft
you like to go to Microsoft headquarters
and do you like work there or do you
hang around walk around like at
Microsoft yes that's what I imagine yes
really cool I imagine you going around
two cubicles and people taking pictures
with you no no so you don't happen
really organically so I went to
Microsoft to talk about my book I met
with some of the the technicians and in
my book I spoke about computers and they
were like you really know your computer
stuff is like yeah they're like do you
want to see some stuff I said yes and
you know we just we had a great time
and I wasn't like walking around in the
labs like what's this I was like oh is
that what I think it and they were they
were they were surprised I see and so
you know I think our first relationship
was great is I have a foundation in
South Africa an educational foundation
and so Microsoft said hey we'll give you
all the computers you need to outfit
schools in South Africa so kids get
computer around saying what's this
what's this what's this right and so the
thing is it was great because the
school's got the computers and then I
got the credit but I didn't have to pay
what is it what is your mom who gave you
this first computer and now her son has
become this international star what does
she think of all of this she still calls
me to fix her computer now she does yeah
the thing is not working and I'm like
which thing mom she's like the thing I
mean I'm in New York mom she's like okay
you'll tell me when you're coming back
does she love that you're a celebrity is
she into that no she is not oh she
doesn't not love that I'm a celebrity
well my mom doesn't care
my mom always tell patient care about
any celebrities the only celebrity my
mom cares about is Jesus oh yeah by if I
could show my mom if I could show my mom
is selfie with Jesus
then she'd be like wow listen that's the
only celebrity I don't know if you've
been outside on Hollywood Boulevard but
they're like six Jesus is out there for
five bucks done forever no everybody
Podcast on second thought with the right
back with Billie lourd hi I'm Jimmy
Kimmel and this is the Internet
I made it myself hit subscribe if you
liked it